{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99956\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99926\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18500\viewh12640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 README\
\
Alex Honeyman\'92s portfolio of code fr\cb3 om three different projects. All data and code for published works are accessible\cb4  and repro\cb1 ducible.\
\

\f1\b \ul The three projects:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
1) 
\f1\b \ul fire_biogeochemistry:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \

\f1\b Predicting post-fire soil biogeochemistry.
\f0\b0  Published as: Honeyman, et al. 2022. Statistical learning and uncommon soil microbiota explain biogeochemical responses after wildfire. Applied and Environmental Microbiology 88. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://journals.asm.org/doi/10.1128/aem.00343-22"}}{\fldrslt https://journals.asm.org/doi/10.1128/aem.00343-22}} \
\
2) 
\f1\b \ul snow_hindcasts:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \

\f1\b Characterizing fresh snowfall biogeochemical composition as a function of hindcasts of air mass movement.
\f0\b0  Published as: Honeyman, et al. 2018. Regional fresh snowfall microbiology and chemistry are driven by geography in storm-tracked events, Colorado, USA. PeerJ 6:e5961. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj.5961"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj.5961}}\
\
3) 
\f1\b \ul spatial_burn_experiment:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \

\f1\b Spatial quantification of microbial activity post-burn in a laboratory experiment.
\f2\i\b0  In review
\f0\i0  as: Honeyman, et al. 2022. Optode-based chemical imaging of laboratory burned soil reveals millimeter-scale heterogeneous biogeochemical responses. ChemRxiv pre-print DOI: 10.26434/chemrxiv-2022-pp66f\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://chemrxiv.org/engage/chemrxiv/article-details/636cf1d59245387888879d8d"}}{\fldrslt https://chemrxiv.org/engage/chemrxiv/article-details/636cf1d59245387888879d8d}} \cf0 \
}